Titlepage

Abstract

Acknowledgements

Table of Contents

List of Tables

List of Figures

List of Listings

1. Introduction
    quick intro to weak references and the problem we are solving
    1.1 Motivation
    
    1.2 Problem Statement

    1.3 Research Questions

    1.4 Scope and Delimitations

2. Background
    Everything needed to understand the rest of the report

3. Design and Implementation
    Motivation for design choices and implementation details of the optimisations. The motivations should either be based on theoretical reasoning, empirical observations, or sources.
    3.1 Skipping Enqueue Path
        Why this should help
        3.1.1 Implementation of Skipping Enqueue Path
            How was this implemented in the codebase
    3.2 Replacing Intrusive Linked List with Dynamic Array
        Why this should help
        3.2.1 Implementation of Dynamic Array for Discovered References
            How was this implemented in the codebase
    3.3 Optimised Clear Path
        Why this should help
        3.3.1 Implementation of Optimised Clear Path
            How was this implemented in the codebase
    3.4 Weak Fields
        Why this should help
        3.4.1 Implementation of Weak Fields
            How was this implemented in the codebase

4. Evaluation
    4.1 Build configuration

    4.2 Performance Evaluation
        Benchmarks were made
        4.2.1 Benchmarks Design
            Single-object benchmarks
            Multi-object benchmarks
        4.2.2 Execution Environment
            Hardware and software environment used for benchmarks
        4.2.3 Measurement Methodology
            How measurements were taken
    
    4.3 Presentation of Results
        Graphs and link to csv files with raw data. Zenodo link
        Explain what the graphs show and how to read them

4. Analysis of Results
    Analyze the results in detail, comparing the optimised approaches to the baseline and to each other. Discuss any trends, anomalies, or insights that can be drawn from the data.

5. Related Work?
    What other people have done to optimize weak references, and how my work compares to theirs.

6. Discussion
    Interpretation of results, implications, limitations, and future work.

7. Conclusion
    Summary of findings and final thoughts.